# Wrapping your head into Fourth dimension

Fourth dimension in the nutshell is a new direction that always perpendicular to all direction in our 3D world. To avoid misconception, the *fourth dimension* that we use in this term are the fourth dimension in four dimensional euclidean space, not in the minkowski space-time!

## Simple exercise

Here is the truth - We can't simply imagine a four dimensional object. We can however think what's going on through its projection. Think like when you draw a cube on a paper, then setup the same image to your game engine.

[image]

Great! Now what do you think about this object?

[image]

For your information, this is a **tesseract**, an upgraded version of a cube, in 4D. What do you see from that image is the (Frustum projection) of a tesseract. This kind of projection is what most people recognize of what's a tesseract looks like, because it's analytically the same with how our eyes sees a 3D world.

## How it works

Understanding fourth dimension from the 3D being is easy as 3D being understanding a 2D world. You only need to understand how to upgrade a thing from 2D to 3D, before upgrading that to 4D. For example like the *tesseract*, which is an upgrade from a *cube*, which is an upgrade from a *square*.

[image from wikipedia]

## Going deeper

Yes, things get weird as you upgrade *everything* to 4D. Sometimes, there are something that you can't upgrade to a higher dimension. And that's mostly  not because it's impossible, but because our understanding of the thing simply incorrect. For example [the flawed cross product].

This is why the library exist, and this documentation will help you to understand from the basic level.
